you know it's going on guys DJ's here
when I bring you guys a video and show
you guys how to get the ex calleb a
start
notice my baddest rank is only 2200 I'm
going to show you guys that for sure you
have to have 2500 at least to go ahead
and fold us out of the stone it's kind
of a nod to the ex caliber and the you
know King Arthur Knights in the round
table the sword is stuck in the stone
and you have to pull it out you have to
be badass enough though and that means
you have to have a badass rank of 2500
you don't get this very easily like you
have to complete a lot of challenges and
stuff in order to make that happen I did
not have enough and I'm level 31 you
could probably get it earlier if you
were really trying I was not I was just
playing through the game as normal um
but anyway so you can go over here you
could see where I'm at and I'm going to
go ahead and take Stanton's liver and
then show you exactly where the location
is and then I'll pick it up from there
and then I'll show you guys the gun in
action so hopefully you guys find this
video somewhat helpful I'm sure you've
seen other people post this as well but
but I have a whole bunch of other
Borderlands gameplays on my channel that
I'm going
as well a lot of unique gun guides and
stuff like that since I beat the game
100% now with basically one character
but 100 completion for every every
mission which was a lot of ever tell you
that
but anyway still playing through the
game second time in more and more and
more and hopefully other characters so
as I head over this way you could see
you just float over and you will see the
sword in the stone I try to pick it up
and won't let me and it won't let me
because I'm only again that s rank 2200
so I just did want to confirm that I
know some people said that and I wanted
to show you just for myself I'm level 31
2200 and I was not able and it says what
weapon of legend the heart that like
badass enough or something like that and
you can see my badass rank again 2200
now unfortunately don't think I show you
my badass rank I'm adjusted but I'm
going to go ahead and flip right here
and show you level 33 and I do have the
mask right enough
pulls it out and says the gun in the
stone and others my batter strike you'd
see 2600 so I just was farming one of
the boss guys and and basically just got
enough experience to or not experience
of badass points or whatever completing
challenges to make it happen so you can
see here is the gun I have a freeze
elemental one I'm not a huge fan of the
the cryo or the freeze or whatever but
but it is what it is anyway I want to
show you in action I would didn't know
if this is going to work very well or
not it does this thing has a super slow
rate of fire but you can see the damage
is taken away down there so it like it's
stuck with him or something it just
keeps on
taking more damage and the other thing
is is that this thing obviously has an
ailing side of things and increases of a
light so you can see it doesn't do a
super ton of damage and the slow rate of
fire doesn't necessarily help but it
does have residual damage it looks like
so when you actually with them it just
kind of slowly takes away and yeah not
the best legendary but a free one
nonetheless
one other note you cannot use this gun
in the grinder so if you're trying to
use some recipes in the grinder you
can't use this one it won't work but the
stabbing feature of this gun
I just want crazy just stab this guy and
then my setup was ideal for that because
I have my skill tree built up more for
melee so it doesn't leave damage as so
for me that was more beneficial than
anything else but again you do use this
maybe on the appropriate types of
enemies and it will work really great
but anyway that's pretty much its I I
mean I recommend you getting it just
because it's free and all you have to do
is hit a high enough rank and that's
like one of the easiest guns you can
actually end up getting but again you
cannot use it in the grinder just won't
accept it with a grinder grab recipes
anyway thanks for watching that's all we
have and there it is right there the ex
calabasa thou art most badass and yeah
check back for some more borderlands
videos I'm just really staying on top of
it as much as I can and oh yeah catch
you guys later peace